[Music]
yeah I wake up every morning with my
head up in the days I'm not sure if I
should say this [ __ ] I'll say it anyway
everybody tries to tell me that I'm
going through a phase I don't know if
it's a phase I just want to feel okay
yeah depression but the question still
remains is this post-traumatic stress
nor am i suppressing rage and my doctor
tries to tell me that I'm going through
a phase
[Applause]
I think I'm going nowhere like a rat
trapped in a maze every wall that I
knocked down is just the wall that I
replace I'm gonna race against myself I
try to keep a steady pace how the [ __ ]
will I escape if I never close my case I
gotta keep on stressing every second
that I waste is another second sooner to
a blessing I will take what my therapist
will tell me that I'm Colin Jost
I need to change a couple
[ __ ] it closer to the
Oh God
[Music]